CREATE A PROJECT: it's called.....BRAZIL RESEARCH
create a text node banner: brazil. change size, change color, change font. resize pane
create a scribble node: draw a flag. add path from BRAZIL to flag. purposefully mess up a few times so you can undo and redo.
move flag up as if changing mind

"actually i know very little about brazil"

make a new text node. look up brazil on wikipedia. put it into the node. expand it so there's no scroll bar.
"who else neighbors brazil?"
click on south america. open up a text node, turn on bullets, title "neighbors", type in the neighbors, add a path to it.

click through a few. open it in the source wiki. look at it for a sec.
"now lets get back to brazil"
hit back a bunch until you see "brazil" on the top

"running out of space" - drag it off the screen

i get a phone call. someone wants to brainstorm with me. they join. we're both REALLY happy about it. i say i'm hosting, and start hosting, "how do i join?" i explain. he joins, and we start chatting.

someone uses a big word. it's pernicious. "what does that word mean? we should record this for posterity." do so.

"what was that thing the article said about brazilwood?" "i dont know man, why don't you find it?!" "sounds good bro! i love you!" find it

"these two things are related!" "then draw a path between them!" "these two things are somewhat related" "no worries man. theres a dotted path for that." this one leads to another! "arrow!" "this one loosely leads to another!" "dotted arrow!!!!!"
"but what if i want to drag them around?!!!!" "DONT WORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"i want to draw a lot of thigns, but i dont want to manually open all these scribble ndoes!" "just turn on continuous insertion man!!!" 

"i like what you're writing and i want to take it in another direction!" "no worries man. just copy it and paste a copy!!!"


"oh fuck bro, mty mom just finished making dinner - i gotta close this down!" "no worries man, just save it!!" "won't it fuck up?" "nope. just load it back in when you're done!"

